=pod

=head1 NAME

  screenfo - screenshot information tool for nerds

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Everybody like 'The monthly screenshot thread' where one is supposed to show
off their latest setup.

Nobody likes screenshots that look awesome, but where there's no information 
at all available.

B<screenfo> outputs a load of system information, including the running window
manager, GTK theme, icons, fonts, shell, terminal emulator, and much more, 
while taking the screenshot.

=head1 OPTIONS

  -c,   --color     specify colorscheme to use
  -l,   --list      list available colorschemes
  -a,   --ascii     specify ascii art to use
  -n,   --noran     turn off randomizing of colors

  -h,   --help      show help and exit
  -v,   --version   show version info and exit

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

The configuration file should be placed in either /etc/screenfo.conf or 
$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/screenfo/screenfo.conf

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

Perl => 5.10

The String::Utils module, available in AUR and 
<http://github.com/trapd00r/String-Utils>

Some standard UNIX tools

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Magnus Woldrich

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to trapd00r\@trapd00r.se or use the issue tracker located at
<http://github.com/trapd00r/screenfo/issues>

screenfo homepage: <http://github.com/trapd00r/screenfo>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2010 Magnus Woldrich

License: GPLv2

=head1 HISTORY

Lets quote the Arch Linux user B<dtw> from a post on the BBS, late 2006:

    OK, all the time in the screenshots thread we get "What gtk theme is that?",
    "What is that in the corner?", blah blah blah.
    Now, while we try to encourage people to post that with their screenie why
    don't we make a simple script that grabs info from from the gtkrc's, .xinitrc,
    etc, and outputs into a nice cowsay-like soundbite?

Couple days later, user B<rab> made the first Perl version simply named
'info.pl'. There were a lot of people in the community helping out,
making it better, bigger, more complicated and virtually unmaintainable since
absolutely no modularization or subroutines were used.

People realized this and started to make their own versions in Bash and Python.

My intent was to fork the original project, clean it up and make it 
maintainable, but that was no fun. Therefore, B<screenfo> was born.

=head1 THANKS

I'd like to thank the Archlinux community for being awesome, B<kittykatt> for
providing some ASCII art that I stole without asking, and B<slush-> for coming up
with this awesome name.

=head1 SEE ALSO

The original post: <https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=24208&p=10>

screenFetch: <http://github.com/KittyKatt/screenFetch>

archey: <http://github.com/djmelik/archey>

=cut
